Sondra’s converted old church is a fun place to stay - creative and unique decorations; convenient to Winslow’s sites; lots of little extras like snacks in the kitchen and food for a continental breakfast. The Sanctuary is indeed a restful place for an overnight visit to Winslow. Sondra is an enthusiastic and welcoming hostess!
Wonderful host. She is a talented artistic lady. The Sanctuary is beautiful. I hope to stay there again. Would enjoy visiting with Sondra more.
This little space is such an eclectic and interesting stay that I was really enchanted by the wonder that is Sondra. She has created a cozy, comfortable and creatively appointed place to rest and recharge the batteries. She offers a unique and inspirational perspective to life and travel and can tell you the very best way to enjoy the local attractions. We would highly recommend The Sanctuary.
A great bargain, lively, engaging and knowledgeable host.
What an awesome place to stay. Sondra greated me, gave a tour and recommended area attractions. When in northern AZ will try to book again.
Super awesome
Best place to stay in Winslow! Sondra is an excellent hostess and the space itself is a gem. I think it may be the most comfortable Airbnb I have stayed at.
Very clean. much better than expected.
If you visit Winslow stay here! It is a wonderful space and the information Sondra offers is unreal. We had never had the opportunity to stay in a restored church before this and it was amazing. We cannot say enough about this Air B n B nor its proprietress.
Really neat place and great host!
Great!
Sondra was an amazing host! She pays attention to the fine details. Had snacks, drinks for us, and even small little notes on where stuff was. She greeted us upon arrival and helped us make sure we had a safe spot for our kayaks. If you are headed to Winslow you should definitely stay here. Loved her place! So much fun.
So glad Sondra has converted this church to cozy place to rest in Winslow!
Sondra was extremely welcoming and a pleasure to stay with. The church is full of character and charm. Sondra supplied everything I needed and more. I would definitely stay again.
Sondra’s place is lovely and so unique. If you’re in need of lodging in Winslow don’t miss this place
Sondra was an excellent host. She even went out of her way to go to Walmart to get a mattress pad for the pull out since the other one was missing. She was very helpful and greeted us when we arrived. Very clean and comfortable with many amenities. Thank you, Sondra!
It is a lovely space, with thoughtful touches everywhere. You will certainly enjoy your stay!
An absolutely wonderful Airbnb experience. Sondra thought of everything to make the stay pleasant and memorable.
This is a very unique space! I enjoyed the little touches and eclectic mix of books and decorations. One of a kind!
We enjoyed our stay at the Sanctuary. It is such a unique and beautiful space. Sondra was a wonderful host. She supplied us with delicious snacks, bottle of wine, water, fruit, bagels and coffee. We would definitely stay at the Sanctuary again!
Staying with Sondra is always great. I have stayed at two of her homes now when I come to Winslow for work. I love the thoughtfully decorated spaces and all the snacks and amenities - it really makes it feel like home!
Sondra was there to meet us and showed us all around the place. She even invited us into her apartment to tell us the history of the building. She recommended a great restaurant called the turquoise room, you should go there, it was delicious! Our apartment was unique ,clean and had everything that we needed. We really enjoyed our stay.
A very unique and charming stay!
Wonderful stay. Sandra is a great host and the apartment is very comfortable and made our stop in Williams fantastic!
We had a great experience staying in the Sanctuary and exploring and investigating the Winslow area. Sondra has such a fun and friendly way with the accommodation and with the guests. Thank you for the opportunity to visit your one-of-a-kind location.
Wonderful and unique experience. A must stay! Sondra was a wonderful and funny host. Loved the tour and accommodations. La posada Restaurant was AWESOME! And then tacos for breakfast at Maria’s on 2nd st.
Very unique and wonderful space. Sondra is a people person for sure, and is warm, welcoming and funny. She filled us in on how she converted the space from a church and showed us around. She also provided some cheese, crackers, fruit and wine - so nice! I will definitely stay here again if I’m in the area.
Sondra was an excellent host. Very clean and unique. She had a chilled bottle of Chablis waiting for us along with snacks. I would highly recommend The Sanctuary!
Sondra is a wonderful hostess. Met us at the door and welcomed us. Had great suggestions on what to see.
You will certainly enjoy Sondra and your stay at The Sanctuary. She has done an outstanding job of renovating this space to make it fun, unique, and comfortable. It is not your run of the mill location. She supplied yummy snacks and continental breakfast. The decor emphasized her decorating and antique touches. It was clean and inviting. Sondra is a fabulous host with information to share about her Airbnb and Winslow. Enjoy!
Incredible space!!! Beautifully decorated with eclectic stylings and furnished with ACTUAL art! Sondra has done a lovely job of re-purposing this old church into a very fine Airbnb. She was a very enthusiastichost and such a nice lady. Take her suggestions, we went to dinner at the La Posada hotel at her request and couldn't have had a nicer evening. Overall it was a very nice visit for myself and new fiance.
This is by far one of the more unique Airbnb’s I have stayed in here in Arizona. Sondra is very welcoming and loves to share the story of the church that is now an Airbnb. I booked last minute and Sondra had great recommendations and local spots and people we should meet. I was with my dad, so I got to sleep in the steeple! What a trip! She also had snacks and breakfast for us! It was amazing! Highly recommend.
"Sanctuary" is exactly what you will get. A beautifully furnished apartment with every amenity. There are just so many incredible touches in every room. And Sondra is a wonderful host who is determined to see that you are properly taken care of. You are sure to fall in love with this AirBnB- I certainly have!
We had a wonderful stay! The steeple library was relaxing, the kitchenette was perfect, and the whole space was great. It was easy to find and in a great location. Sondra was very sweet and helpful.
I cannot say enough about this place or Sondra. Both greatly exceeded any expectations I may have had! The space was decorated beautifully. Sondra has eclectic taste and is a fantastic conversationalist. Her generosity is not something you see much of these days. I arrived well after 10pm and she greeted me with a smile and a warm welcome. I loved being here for the short overnight and hope to return again very soon! Thank you Sondra for a memorable trip!
You will absolutely LOVE The Sanctuary! And, you'll love Sondra the owner. Unbelievable! It was amazing!
This is an amazing place to stay. Very comfortable and Sondra is a wonderful host. Highly recommend!!!
You can expect a charming and interesting experience. Sondra has taken a old church in downtown Winslow and converted it to a charming and interesting space. You won’t be disappointed and also she is a delight!!! Happy travels!
Sondra's home is such a special project! The converted church is curated with amazing treasures and books to enjoy. Even better was the stories Sondra shared with us - so lucky to have stopped through this inspiring place!
Sondra is a great host, and a great conversationalist! Would stay at Sandra's place again on my next time through Winslow!
Sondra has made a beautiful restful space for a lovely experience in Winslow. She’s got a flair for making a very comfortable visit to her adopted town. The old church is spectacularly appointed with exquisite taste and amenities. The tower room is an ideal space to read and write above the traffic on a main artery into town. Quiet? Yes! A lovely continental breakfast and tips on what to see. Thanks for sharing your space, it was a pleasure.
Sondra's place is a really cute little "duplex" right off the highway. Easy to get to, easy to park, and easy to get in thanks to her communicationamd hospitality. She met us when we arrived and was very welcoming which made us feel great. There were great amenities like fruit and coffee and even a bottle of wine. In addition, the space is just cool! Beautiful and quirky. Definitely a place I would have liked to stay for more than just a night. My only complaint is that it's pretty easy to hear the people staying in the other "apartment", which might bother people who want more peace and privacy.
First, Sondra is the greatest. She greeted me when I arrived with a handshake and a fist bump. And she recommended dinner at the Turquoise Room which is something I wasn't even aware of-- made the stopover in Winslow an unexpected highlight of my road trip. The unit is extremely interesting and tastefully set up-- just as advertised. This is the best AirBnb I have ever stayed at and my only complaint is that my plans prevented me from staying longer. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
Sondra’s “Sanctuary” is one of the most charming Airbnb rentals we’ve ever stayed at. What a shame we spent only a single night here. I would have loved to lose myself for several days in the hideaway loft that seemed to make its own magic. Sondra loves art and books and, while she doesn’t claim to be an artist, she has the touch. There’s not a square inch of the walls and surfaces and floors that doesn’t display a talent for creative expression and wonderful taste. Now, of course, none of this says anything about the comfort of staying in the apartment. But prospective guests should know that the bed is firm and comfortable, water pressure is strong, so is wi-fi, the amenities are plentiful, and all of it is immaculate. Sondra herself is a delight who has rich stories to tell. I’m sure we’ll be back. (As for Winslow — do not miss the chance to eat at The Turquoise Room or to explore the fantastic public halls and lobby of the hotel that is La Posada.)
This is a very unique place. I encourage others to partake in the experience. Sandra was very attentive and the place was as advertised.
Staying at the sanctuary is a bit like going to a gallery/historical travel museum. Every piece of furniture, art, light etc. it is so carefully placed. Everything is labeled so you know where things are. I would love to have stayed longer and Winslow was only at stop over on a long drive. I’ve stated many Airbnb‘s, and Sondra’s sanctuary is certainly the most Unique and artistic. Everything is there that you need and more, not to mention the most comfortable bed!
I love finding unique places with a story behind the place, I was not disappointed! My husband I go to Winslow once, if not twice a year and normally stay at a plain old motel, now that we have found Sonrda and her beautifully renovated church we will be reserving The Sanctuary, if The Haven is taken. When we arrived we had originally had reserved The Sanctuary and were thrilled the moment we walked in. It is perfect for two people. There is a awesome study tucked up stairs with a pull out twin I believe, but I liked it just as the sitting room it was when we got there. The Sanctuary has a small kitchen and roomy bathroom. But it is the character, decorations and hospitality that takes this place to 5 star review! Sondra gave a tour of each space and stories of things we asked about and pointed out. And than she asked if we wanted to tour the other space called The Haven, and that was the end our stay at the Sanctuary. The Haven took my breathe away and since it was available we got to switch our room and it was worth it! But this review is for the Sanctuary, so I will save my love for The Haven on our next stay in Winslow. I will say...sleeping in those sheets was like sleeping in soft butter! Sonrda is an incredible host! She loves to meet her guest and you'll miss out if you don't let her show you around and hear about how she transformed this old church into the beauty it is today. Until next time... The Rivas's
1. Quaint, quirky, interesting, and one-of-a-kind are the words I would use to describe this space. Definitely a MUST SEE for Winslow, AZ 2. If you're staying in the Sanctuary, expect tight quarters and only stay here if you have 2 people. There is a tiny tiny space upstairs to sleep one extra but wouldn't recommend unless it's just a child. 3: Any more than 2 guests, I recommend sleeping in "the Haven" section. Tons more space there. We had an extra guest stay with us last minute and Sondra, the host, wanted us to be more comfortable so she gave us the choice to sleep in the Sanctuary or the Haven upon arrival (we chose the Haven). I thought that was very thoughtful and generous of her to do that. 4. Lots of positives about this place (see other reviews); however, only downside is the AC/Heating unit is a tad loud which made sleeping somewhat difficult. Sondra does provide earplugs though so it's not too much of an issue if you don't mind wearing earplugs to bed.
The style and eclectic aesthetic put into the space was phenomenal. I've stayed in lots of Airbnbs and (Hidden by Airbnb) s throughout Europe and the U.S., and this space was my favorite!
It was a very nice stay at Sondra’s place. I like the vintage style. Sondra is very warm and friendly. Enjoyed getting to know her and listening to her stories. Thank you!
Such a quirky place. We had cocktails in the Frida Kahlo room. Loved the town. Sondra was charming.
Fabulous place. Good location. Eclectic art, enviable book collection. Sondra considers all the fine details. She is a wonderful story teller and you can tell she genuinely cares about her guests. She had great local recommendations. My boys and I loved our stay.
we definitely recommend Sondras place! it was so fun and creative . we absolutely loved the sanctuary from the wonderful decorations to the clever books up in the bell tower. Sondra is so personable and helpful. this place was a gem, but sondra was the real gem! ♡ it was such a pleasure to be able to stay at such a wonderful place and we will be back again!
Eclectic, in a good way.
Pictures / words don’t do this place justice. Sondra has turned this converted church into a treasure trove of comfort and thoughtful amenities. She has brought her past endeavors into thoughtful touches all through her AirBnB’s. If you have time to chat she is a fount of information and wisdom. Enjoyed my stay and if I make it back that way she will be my first place to look for a restful nights stay and sweet company.
If the Sanctuary is available, you should book it immediately before someone else does. You’ll be happy you did as this is one of those rare Airbnb finds. In fact, even if you weren’t planning a trip to Winslow, you should stay here just for the space. Sondra is a wonderful host with great stories to share and is so kind to leave snacks, wine, coffee to make your stay more comfortable. Sondra did an excellent job with the refurbishment of the church and the decor. Highly recommend dinner at La Posada, while you’re there. We stayed on two unusually cold nights and the heat works great but the door and window near the bed are a little drafty but under the covers we were nice and warm. Would give it more than 5 stars.
The Sanctuary exceeded our expectations. The space is filled with books, art and interesting memorabilia. Sondra is a delight and provided sparkling conversation, personal stories and a little magic. The Sanctuary is good for the soul. We loved it there!
The sanctuary is a cozy and amazing place, Sondra is a great host and in particular, the treats she prepared for us: wine, cheese, bread, coffee, and teas. Our daughter loved sleeping at the library-such a charming place. The only improvement required is at the master bedroom insulation - during could weather. We’ll definitely stay again if we come back to Winslow.
Wonderful! My teen sons and I had a terrific time staying at The Sanctuary. My boys will never forget the fun and unique steeple! Mama loved the wine and the boys were delighted by the snacks and nourishing breakfast! The fresh, locally roasted Coffe was lovely! We were so tired when we arrived and were able to unwind and get excellent rest at The Sanctuary. We would love to return someday! Highly recommend!
Run, don’t walk to book space at Sondra’s. She is the consummate hostess and all that you could possibly expect and more. Her place is quirky, unique, and gloriously opulent. I would go many miles out of my way to stay here again
5 stars ++++ This place looked cute in pictures but was even more special in person. Every inch of the Sanctuary had been lovingly decorated and every possible hospitality measure thought of. Sondra left wine and food for us, shared little known local places to go, and was fun to visit with around the fire pot one night. The beautiful La Posada is in Winslow, but Sondra's 3 Airbnb's are ever bit as charming and a better value. We could have walked to La Posada and "Standing on the Corner" so it's convenient too.
Sondra is one of the nicest hosts I've ever had. On top of it, her Airbnb in Winslow is one of the most unique spots one could ever stay. Not only is the interior of this old church beautifully decorated, Sondra has a plethora of stories to tell, recommendations to give, and she welcomes you as if you were family. Highly recommend this spot to anyone making their way across AZ. Thanks a million Sondra!
Comfortable room. Easy access from the freeway and close to Historic Winslow. Will definitely be back!
The Sanctuary and Haven will blow you away. A project of love and dedication, there are so many little touches, incredible artwork everywhere the eye wanders, fantastic fabrics and the host Sondra is simply wonderful and very accessible. A highlight is a glass of wine with Sondra learning about her vast collection of art. It truly is a little bit of heaven. Wish we could have stayed for a week.
Sondra's airbnb is lovely and very interesting from all her travels.
If you’re anywhere near Winslow when you need a place to stay, run don’t walk to Sondra’s place. Truly unique in every respect and Sondra is a wonderful host.
The space was comfortable, with a quirky, stylish design and had everything we needed to thoroughly enjoy it. As fun as the space was, Sondra made this the perfect place to stay in Winslow AZ. She made us feel welcome, had terrific suggestions for the area, had informed views, wonderful stories, wisdom and warmth = Wow! We look forward to seeing you again.
Lovely and unique space with MANY thoughtful touches. Sondra was an amazing host and her space is a relaxing oasis when on a long road trip. The location of her home was also conveniently located to old Route 66 and The Turquoise Room at La Posada. Don't hesitate to book this space if it is available.
Sondra's lovely converted church was such a delight. We stayed in the Sanctuary, but got a tour of the Haven as well, which was equally charming. One can tell that great care and love went into creating this space and all the key necessities were provided, as well as lovely little extras and so many wonderful books. Sondra is an endearing host and full of interesting stories and great tips about the area. I would certainly recommend this to others as a unique and eclectic place to stay with a host that will certainly become a friend!
perfect... perfect great couples get away. Sondra went way above what we needed. love her. bed was very comfy. if you need a larger place shes got 2 others that will blow your mind for a group. court yard is great. we will be going back!
An eclectic and unique experience.
Eclectic, comfortable and charming! Much nicer experience than a hotel. Linens are very nice. Great mini snacks and wine. Thoughtful touches. So much to look at! Sondra has great decorating style and is a very interesting and caring host.
You'll love Sondra's personal touches throughoutThe Sanctuary! Be sure to plan extra time to spend with her. Sondra is interesting and fun to be around. You won't be disappointed!
The Sanctuary is a remarkable place to stay, an eclectically designed and decorated old church with the most amazing story teller for a host. Comfortable, clean, and quiet, and only a few minutes' drive from the renowned inn, La Posada, with amazing architecture, art, and a fabulous menu.
Sondra & her sanctuary are completely welcomimg, charming and comfortable. She has seen to every detail to make your stay a easy, fun experience & everything was spotlessly clean. We enjoyed being a guest there & so will you. Thank you, Sondra!
Best place ever!!! Many extra special touches and Sondra is the kindest & most hospitable host ever....❤️❤️❤️
Great space! Sondra is highly knowledgeable of the area which made it extra easy to travel and see the beauty of northern AZ.
Sondra’s place is one of those AirBnB experiences you read about online, but seems too good to be true. Her place is a former church and decorated in all kinds of great treasures from around the world. Sondra is extremely hospitable and you can really tell she enjoys hosting people from all walks of life and passions. We definitely would come back to stay at Sondra’s!
Anybody driving through northern Arizona absolutely should stay with Sondra. She is a consummate host with such an amazing property to share! She met us in the courtyard upon arrival and took us on a tour of the property - pointing out all the major features and giving us behind-the-scenes stories about her eclectic collection and interior decorating. The place is even more beautiful than we imagined, and was a great resting-place on our road trip. Sondra gave us great advice on the surrounding area, and encouraged us to have a meal at the historic La Posada Hotel's restaurant, The Turquoise Room. Our waiter and other restaurant staff knew Sondra by name and also had wonderful things to say about her. We can't wait to stay with her again on our way out to NM!
Sondra’s place is so cute and full of character. She made sure we had everything we needed and was a wonderful host. Our dogs had a great stay as well. Highly recommend!
If we could give Sondra more than five stars, we would. We had such a wonderful experience staying at Sondra's place, and we are already planning our next trip back. Sondra is an incredible host, and her place is charming, eclectic, and cozy. When we arrived, Sondra met us outside, greeted us warmly, and provided us with a tour. As she showed us around, she shared the history of the space (formerly a church) and many of it items within - from the church pew headboard to the quilt hanging above the bed. We absolutely loved the space: very comfortable bed, small kitchen with a great desk/seating area, and of course, the library upstairs. Like I mentioned, Sondra is a very thoughtful host and provided us with wine, crackers and cheese, bagels with butter/cream cheese, crackers, peanuts, freshly ground coffee, an assortment of teas, and more. She chatted with us for awhile upon our arrival and shared many recommendations about places to visit in town. If you find yourself in Winslow, do not hesitate to book a night (or week or month) at Sondra's place!
In a good location. Clean, comfortable and interesting place.
I stayed for 1 night with my dog, and it was lovely. Strong AC, clean, and a quirky, neat space to occupy. Would always stay here over any chain hotels. Sondra was also very charming and has a lot of great stories to tell.
Staying with Sondra is more than a place to rest your head; it will leave you transformed for the better
Very nice place !!!
Such a cool and funky place! Sondra is an excellent host. Our favorite stop on this trip!
Sondra has an amazing place, from the architecture of her converted church to the hundreds of interesting items she has discovered over the years. Talking with her and sharing stories was the best part of our trip! Highly recommended for a wonderful place and wonderful conversation.
Sondra's hospitality, and kindness are second to none. The sanctuary had many personal touches that made it a unique, and inviting airbnb. Highly recommended if you are staying in the Winslow area.
Beautiful space with an eclectic bohemian vibe. Wonderful host. Highly recommended!
Sondra is a great person and a delightful personality. She was very helpful for recommending great local area places to visit during my stay at her home. Her home's location is also ideal: very short drives away from downtown Winslow and from the I-40 exit. Winslow's local Safeway supermarket and Walmart are also just up the street from her home's location.
Sondra was a great host, and very accommodating to our late arrival. We were just in and out, and didn’t really get a chance to check out all she had to offer, like the hidden library, for example. I will say, she has a very eclectic collection of books throughout the house! Wish I had time to peruse them at a more leisurely pace. Thanks, Sondra, for everything!
What a special, unique venue! My wife and I spent one night here last week and had a marvelous time. Sondra is a treasure and was a wealth of knowledge on the area. Had dinner at the Turquoise Room and highly recommend it!
Sondra is a great lady with a great space. She was so helpful. We only stayed one night but we had everything we needed. Thanks Sondra.
Sondra is a gem and I'm so glad so many people get the opportunity to meet her through airbnb. My husband and I stayed here the night before our wedding because it was close to our venue. Sondra was a warm welcoming presence and even through we were eloping, Sondra made it feel like we had loving family with us. The space is beautiful and in a great location for accessing natural beauty in the area like the Petrified Forest, Little Painted Desert, and Meteor Crater. We can't wait to come back for our anniversary to spend some more time with Sondra in her beautifully converted church.
Great place to stay, wish we had more time to spend talking to Sondra and enjoying the cozy space she has created! The books, the decor, the sense of space, all were a joy to be around.
The best airbnb experience we have ever had! The converted church made for an amazing house. Our host, Sondra, created a lavish museum of artwork, sculpture, and books! We could have spent our entire time in Winslow just exploring all the richness in this space. Beyond the décor, Sondra welcomed us with wine, cheese & crackers, plus everything we could possibly need for the next morning's breakfast. We so enjoyed conversations with her - a most fascinating person. We do quite a bit of traveling both for business and vacation through airbnb, but by far, this was the most memorable. It combined the best of being at home and staying at a five-star hotel. For anyone traveling along Route 66, make it a destination to stay at Sondra's place!
Although the space is new and intimate laced with artistic amenities, the real highlight was meeting Sondra.
This sanctuary room is a delightful treat.
We were highly disappointed with this vintage church- Airbnb. We hate writing a negative review! We have stayed at many Airbnb's and we have nothing but wonderful things to say about them all and their hosts!!! Even though this place offers uniqueness it is highly overpriced! We found dead cockroaches on the floor by the bed. Sondra offers snacks, but they were not sealed they were packed in a ziplock bags and Saran Wrap. I don't want to be over dramatic but who knows what bugs were crawling on them before! Just saying! Sondra stated that she offers continental breakfast ( not that we would eat there ! ) but there was none offered in the morning. Also the location felt a bit unsafe and parking questionable! With people passing by we were not sure if car would be safe during the night. Another disappointing thing was how small the shower was. If a person is on a heavier side he or she may have problems getting in! In general it was not very pleasant experience and we would NEVER be back even if we had to sleep in the car!
Quiet, central, and hassle free- great place to stay
Lovely space with in walking distance of everything in the tourist part of town... our hostess was very thoughtful and lovely to visit with.
Sondra's place was great. Nice cozy place in Winslow. Sondra herself is an excellent host who knows the town well. She has great advice on what to do and where to eat! We were only passing through so didn't have much time but I would definitely stay here again next time I'm in town.
Where do I begin. Words would not suffice...but I shall try. To stay here is an experience you will remember for a very long time. Sondra is an amazing person that will make you feel like you were a long lost friend. She welcomes you with genuine open arms. Has this wonderful keen sense of humor and gift of gab. Extremely knowledgeable of the area, so take her word for her reccomendations. Sondras space is both comfortable and unique in a tasteful artistic style. I most certainly took notice how everything fit together quite well. Her welcoming snacks and breakfast items were perfect upon arrival. Small notes to let you know where you might find items you may need to a wide array of reading materials, books everywhere...what great touches! I am an airbnb host and I most certainly was impressed with her kindness and thoughtfullness. Highly reccomend...5 STAR
The room/rooms are very cute and Sondra is especially nice. The upstairs library was a great spot to eat breakfast. Sondra told us about a nearby spot that was perfect to let our dog run. And Sonora is obviously a dog lover. You and your dog will love her.
If you are staying In Winslow, put this spot at the top of your “places to stay” list. Right near the center of the town and a unique experience at a one-of-a-kind spot.
We loved Sondra's place so much my husband and I came back for our second stay a year later. We came back for the location, the atmosphere, and to reconnected with the memorable host we've ever had. She welcomes you like she's known you for years. The upstairs "study" is such a perk you don't get with other airbnb rooms or houses. We love telling people we stayed in an old church, tastefully decorated with antiques and books. Consider having breakfast at La Posada, you'll be talking about it LONG after you've left Winslow!
Sondra has truly created a sanctuary in the middle of the desert. The space itself amazing--so fun to take in the decor, the art and design. And the amenities and extra touches were a surprise! Best of all is Sondra herself. It was the highlight of Winslow.
Very cool and unexpected space!!! I️ loved the secret staircase to the study upstairs :) Clean, Stylish and convenient. we will be back!
We spent our Christmas weekend at the Sanctuary Sondra's space was so unique and cozy! my girlfriend and I had our 13-year-old in tow, so having WiFi was a lifesaver! The private bedroom in the steeple was a nice touch, you know, for teenagers that want their privacy :) overall, this was an excellent spot for us. right in the heart of town, close to convenience stores and local attractions. We loved the books placed throughout the house and the theme of each room. It's important to note that this is not a Large space, but perfect for those that are used to being in comfy, close quarters. we took advantage of the firepit outside just about every night and were able to celebrate the Holiday perfectly. I would highly recommend the Sanctuary for your stay in Winslow!
Sondra's place is well decorated and she provided snacks, breakfast muffins, fruit and water upon our arrival. She is very friendly and available at any time.
The sanctuary is a sweet and unique little space. I only stayed one night but Sondra made me and my little dog feel very welcome. She is truly a great host! I felt well taken care of by the little snacks and extras that she provided for me during my short stay. I would definitely recommend staying here if you are in Winslow :) Thank you Sondra!!!
Sondra's hospitality was amazing. We ate all the snacks she provided which included trail mix, cheese, crackers, coffee, hot chocolate, hot tea, bagels, cream cheese and even wine. She answered all our questions. The place is very unique. How many places give you access to your very own private library? It was used on our trip for studying.
Sondra's place was really an unexpected gem in the middle of Winslow, AZ. We loved how close it was to the famous La Posada Restaurant. It's the best place to eat in the whole town. Sondra recommended it, so we ate dinner there both nights of our stay. The converted church is uniquely decorated with something interesting and beautiful everywhere you look. There is a loft filled with books and good light for reading. That's where my husband enjoyed spending the early mornings each day. It's located in a very quiet neighborhood, so it was easy to get a good nights sleep before going out to explore the sights. It has everything you need, plus a friendly knowledgeable host to help you with any questions you may have about the surrounding area.
Really cool place! Highly recommend!
Sondra's place is pretty special -- worth planning a trip to Meteor Crater, a meal at La Posada or visiting the Petrified Forest just so you can stay here :) Sondra herself is an interesting woman who generously shared some of her own story with us. We felt so welcomed into her beautiful place. "The Sanctuary" is part of an old church. It has been so cleverly and artistically converted to a wonderfully comfortable living space -- I could go on and on about all the small but significant touches that intrigued me. There is lots of art. Being in The Sanctuary is a feast for your eyes and your mind. I just wanted to spend days reading and resting there. I stayed in the upstairs library space - reached by climbing a wonderfully narrow staircase. I loved that climb and the space itself! The bed was so comfortable. I slept very soundly and comfortably, as did my aunt who was in the downstairs bedroom. The kitchen and bathroom are gorgeous. And Sondra had water, wine, coffee, muffins, cheese and crackers, etc. available as snacks. We ate dinner at La Posada, the big old railroad hotel in town. That is definitely worth a visit! (Amtrak still stops there.) I was sorry that we were just passing through on our way to California because I really would have enjoyed spending a few days at The Sanctuary and exploring Winslow and environs.
This is a great place to stay in Winslow. Sondra, the Host is truly a friendly and gracious woman. The accommodations are just as described. Very clean and decorated perfectly. Would recommend to anyone.
Sondra's place was unique and had all the comforts one could ask for. You had areas of private spaces in the sanctuary and the upstairs was cozy where you could browse through the many interesting books for your enjoyment. The only downside I can say was that I wish I had more time to explore the area and visit with Sondra. The La Posada Hotel and Turquoise Room were some of the best renovations you will ever see. The food there is 5 stars and the place is amazing. Sondra is a 5 star host as well. Mark
Truly an elegant stop over hosted by a gracious lady. The decor is an inspiration. Descriptions of local points of interest were quite helpful. Thanks so much to you, Sondra.
We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Sanctuary. The space was very cozy and comfortable. We spent a lot of time enjoying the loft and all of Sondra's books. Sondra was very warm and welcoming from the very moment we arrived. She checked us in and got us settled. She even had snacks waiting for us! After dinner (at the Turquoise Room, of course), we had some time to chat with Sondra and learn about her story. By the time we checked out the next day, we felt like we were leaving a relative's home and hope to come back to stay again. Highly recommended!
Sondra has formed a world of her own inside a space set for amazement and honor. She and I discovered we are kindred spirits and got along effortlessly. Her library is impeccable, and her home is a marvel. I slept the best I had in weeks under her hospitality and curated charm.
Staying at Sondra's refurbished church was a delight, the history and quaintness of the home is evident throughout but modern amenities make your stay very comfortable. Sondra is friendly, very accommodating and so interesting. If you have the time let her give you a tour and hear the stories of her impressive collection of decor she's collected through her travels.
What a delightful space. Perfect bed, upstairs reading room, attention to detail and Sondra make this a perfect layover to wherever you are headed. We were greeted with conversation, a tour and a bottle of wine. What more do you need? The Sanctuary is an oasis in the desert. Come to spend some time. Sondra will direct you to all the good stuff. Thank you my new sweet friend for a most delightful stay. We will return. I promise. Allen and Jean Marie.
Saundra was a very charming and accommodating host. We enjoyed our visit to her Sanctuary very much. She has done a wonderful job renovating this old church. Each living quarter is very interesting and unique. She has a special talent of vision and repurposing everything from colanders to windows. The beds were also very comfortable.
Beautiful gem in Arizona. Highly recommend a stay with Sondra at her unique home and a trip to the nearby Turquoise Room for dinner. The bed was very comfortable and we were especially fond of the library upstairs - so cool! The shower is a tad small, but it worked for us just fine. Would definitely stay again!
Sondra is a wonderful and engaging host. The units are probably some of the most unique and delightfully fascinating places to stay on AirBNB. You could spend days just enjoying all the eclectic artwork and books. If you find yourself in Winslow, this is the ONLY place to stay.
An amazingly comfortable and quiet location. Sondra has decorated the place so interestingly. Thank you for the coffee and conversation!
The Sanctuary is a magical haven in the desert town of Winslow,AZ. We were welcomed with wine, fruit, treats and everything one could desire for a quiet, intimate, relaxing stay.
This is actually the coolest AirBnB that has ever existed, operated by the coolest lady I've ever met. I had literally no reason to ever need to come back to Winslow again... until now: I will be returning in the future to get a better chance to enjoy both Sondra and the space more, now that I won't be working through it so much. Best AirBnB experience I've had to date. Wonderful all around.
Great place, beautifully decorated. Very happy with our stay.
What a desert gem! Truly a wonderful experience. The host, Sondra, is warm and very welcoming. Even if you never left the church you would have had a great time hanging out in its ambience with Sondra. Very close to the Painted Desert and Petrified Forest. We highly recommend making dinner reservations at The Turquoise Room at the La Posada and coffee from Mojo. Winslow has a lot to offer and Sondra's place makes it a memorable stay.
The Sanctuary is truly a place to relax and refresh. Sondra has created an amazing space, a very tasteful eclectic mix of furnishings and decorations that soothe the soul. The space is much bigger than it looks in the photos. Sondra was busy so we didn't have much time talk. As I said to her, next time!
We absolutely enjoyed our extended stay at The Sanctuary! Winslow is a quiet little town and we felt safe the entire time. The place is beautifully and artistically decorated - pictures are spot on. We were so impressed with everything. Sondra was a marvelous host and we can't thank her enough for making us feel at home :) We definitely recommend The Sanctuary 100%!
Back for round 2! Had such a wonderful time with Sondra. Thanks for making my Winslow experience so memorable. Sondra is very accommodating and place was perfect for my one month rotation in Winslow.
What a magical place! Felt like I could stay there forever. Sondra is truly a wonderful host.
I loved the way she decorated the place!!
Ms. Sondra made my stay in Arizona so much better! Everything was lovely - can't wait to return.
Sondra made our trip an unforgettable experience. The accommodations far exceeded our expectations. We would highly recommend her beautiful abode to anyone visiting Winslow.
A very comfortable, eclectic
Sondra's Sanctuary is a beautifully designed, delightful place to stay. Her skill at re-purposing some of the items from the church was so cleaver! The bed was comfy, the kitchen exquisitely designed with the alter for the table, lovely artwork throughout and even a bonus library filled with books in the church tower. Lovely snacks in the kitchen, even a bottle of wine! Thanks Sondra!
This is one B&B you don't want to miss if you're Even close to Winslow. Sondra is one host you don't want to miss meeting. 5 Star in every way. Morning coffee in the library is not to be missed. Amenities are exceptional.
The Sanctuary is a charming place to stay in a building with history and personality. Sondra is a gracious and accommodating hostess with a keen sense for design and detail. Walkable to Historic Rt 66 and the La Posada. It was a quick trip over to McHood Park for some fantastic kayaking and swimming. Highly recommend it as a place for a romantic little getaway!
The accomodation is cosy and pleasantly quirky. Sondra believes in looking after her guests and we were made to feel very much at home. We'll certainly be back if we ever find ourselves in Winslow again!
Cute place!
The converted church is beautifully decorated! Sondra has paid attention to every last detail. She is very passionate about her work and has a clear vision. Her love for hosting people is displayed by her warmth and friendliness. Her story is fascinating! And she wants to hear your story too, so spend some time getting to know her. You never know what connections you may have.
This was a wonderful little gem hidden in Winslow. Sondra has converted an old church into a beautiful Air BnB. She is still remodelling some parts of it, but the santuary is beautiful and the rest will be even more so. In addition, all her little touches like water and cheese and crackers and fruit waiting for us were more than we could have asked for.
Excellent, unique place, Sondra is the best & walking distance to great bar & phenomenal restaurant called the Turqoise room
The Sanctuary is everything the listing says it is and then some. The space was perfect for a couple on a mountain biking and climbing trip, offerring plenty of space to safely stowe our gear and providing an incredibly desirable atmosphere to wake up in and go to sleep to: it was at once fun, witty, intriguing, compelling, and calm (credit goes to our wonderful hostess, Sondra, for this). We absolutely loved our stay and have not one thing to complain about. We will definitely be back!
This property is a special gem! Beautifully decorated in every detail. Sondra provided us with complimentary snacks and wine:) The bed was so comfortable. We did the tour of Rock Art Ranch which I highly recommend. Wish we could have stayed longer.
After my first night, in the morning when I first saw Sondra I asked her just one question: "How do hotels stay in business around here with a place like that?" This was easily far and away my best airbnb stay, and I've been using the app for three years now. Not only was the space ideal, but as a host she provided me with everything I could've needed, including toiletries, breakfast, directions, and local restaurants/grocery stores. Not only is she a great host, but is an even better person. I could go on and on and on, but simply put there is no limit on the good things I can say about her and about the space.
The Sanctuary is a very cool place to stay. It is perfectly sized for one or two people, and has everything one could need for a pleasant stay. Sondra is the hostess with the mostess!
What we loved about the Sanctuary. Everything!! Sondra is a warm and loving host. She greeted us with delight and gave us a brief tour. Our room was lovely. She has put together a very comfortable space. Lot's of books and interesting decor. The library in the steeple was our favorite space. Way better than the photos. She was generous in making sure we had everything we needed. The bed was very very comfortable as well. Absolutely loved the Sanctuary. Absolutely loved Sondra!
The Sanctuary truly is a sanctuary. My husband and I loved everything about it, from the comfortable bed to the great books, the complimentary snacks and the creative use of the space. Sondra is the perfect host: attentive to detail, knowledgeable about the area, respectful of privacy, and a fascinating woman. Meeting her was an extra bonus to a great weekend. We'll be back.
We had a lovely stay in Sondra's unique sanctuary space. She was a wonderful host! Easy to communicate with prior to our arrival, as well as during our stay. The space was perfect for a one night stop on our way to California and Sondra provided plenty of extras to make our stay cozy. We had dinner at her recommendation, The Turquoise Room. A beautiful spot! We hope to stay here again in the future!
Sondra is the best. We feel like we made a new friend. Really creative use of a unique space. We will be back.
My husband and I decided to stay over in Winslow, AZ on our way down to Tucson from Ridgway, CO and Sondra's place proved to be a perfect choice! Eclectic, creative, cozy, charming -- all of these words describe our experience. Sondra has taken great time and care to convert this 1940s church into an artful space that dazzles the senses. Thank YOU, Sondra, for sharing your space with us and warmly welcoming us to Winslow.
Sondra was an amazing host, and her sanctuary was delightful! We did not get in to Winslow until after 10pm, but Sondra was still helpful and cheerful while greeting us so late! We would definitely stay here again!
Sondra's presence and grace result in a superbly thought out space. The décor, books, and accoutrements made for one of the best travel experiences ever. Sondra's gracious hosting and thoughtfulness made the stay absolutely superb.
A cleverly designed and unique little get-a-way. Be sure to have a couple of days to see area sites as some are a good drive.
If you ever find yourself in Winslow, stay with Sondra! We just did a cross country move and she was so helpful and supportive.
This place is lovely. A lot of detail and attention to making it comfortable and a really nice place to spend time. It's so unique and artfully put together, and Sondra is a wonderful host. You'll miss it and want to come back!
Cozy & comfortable. A great stop over whether you are driving I 40 or Route 66.
Perfect opportunity to experience a truly unique accommodation in Winslow AZ. Well thought out space, tempurpedic mattress, really fun upstairs library/reading room, excellent location, and a warm and gracious host. Thank you Sondra!
FABULOUS place to stay. Would highly recommend this location. Sondra is a wonderful host and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Just wish we could have stayed longer. Worth staying here if you ever make it to Winslow AZ
Sondra was a very communicative host. Kind, friendly, and outgoing. She met us at check in and enjoyed showing us around. The next morning she gave us a tour of the chapel space, which will soon be available as a second rental. A very sociable and energetic host. The space was relaxing with a comfortable bed and memory foam mattress. We found the place to be quiet, clean, and decorated well. The turquoise room is an excellent restaurant and is less than a mile from Sondra's chapel. We would gladly stay again.
Wonder experience we had a great time thank you
The sanctuary is a unique experience that no one should pass up if coming through the area. Sondra has clearly poured her heart into the space and it is charming, quirky, and comfortable. Highly recommended.
Beautiful Air B&B! Sondra was a lovely host.
Sondra's Sanctuary is a true gem. Her renovation of this church is remarkable and will be remembered as a very special (but quick) stopover for us. Sondra was so eager to make us at home and to show us the place, which she has created with lovely taste and style. I've never been anywhere like it. The apartment is totally private, quiet, clean, comfortable and unique. We loved the library which is sunny and quiet for reading or work. She provided lots of snacks and breakfast, coffee and beverages. Everything was done with care! We loved meeting her. Thanks for opening your Sanctuary up to us weary travelers! I highly recommend dinner at the Turquoise Room at the hotel in town. Delicious!
An amazing find! Sondra's renovated space is eclectic, stylish and inspired. Bed is super comfy and space was cooler than described. I loved working on drawings in the steeple room. Take some time to chat with Sondra -- she's an energetic and interesting gal.
This place was even better than I expected. Clean and very well decorated. Completely felt safe for a single female traveler.
Sondra's place truly was a sanctuary for us! Just as described! She also gave us great ideas for local eateries, sightseeing and much more! You couldn't ask for a better stay!!
My fiancé and I decided to make a last minute getaway, and the Sanctuary was a perfect find. It was just that, a sanctuary! Sondra had clearly put a lot of thought and effort into the decoration and setup of this place. She was there to greet us upon arrival, showing us around the place, even leaving a little snack for us. We truly felt welcomed into her home, while not at all feeling like we didn't have our privacy. If you are in the Winslow area, I highly recommend you stay for a night at the Sanctuary!
What a unique home! Clean, comfortable accommodations with nice luxurious touches. Easy to communicate with the host, very resourceful with recommendations in the area. Enjoyed the wine that was provided and nice continental breakfast. Hope to visit again, and perhaps stay longer than one night.
We planned our whole trip around Sondra's BnB--the charm of a remodeled church in a Route 66 town just called to us. With great rates, a welcoming pet policy, and enchanting accommodations we couldn't pass it up, and we were NOT disappointed! When we arrived Sondra greeted us with wine and cheese, not to mention muffins, scones, fruit and juice for breakfast. She gave us great advice on local attractions and was very sweet with our pups. The space was just as quirky and charming as we'd hoped! It also has a very comfortable bed, ample living space, a spotless remodeled bathroom and reliable wifi. The decor in the Sanctuary had us mesmerized from the moment we arrived until the moment we left; the attention to detail added to the magic of our stay. Sondra was very attentive if we ever needed anything but let us have our space as well. We ended up coming back early and staying in late each day to enjoy our accommodations--the upstairs library was a real treat. We would highly recommend the Sanctuary for anyone who wants to spend a few nights in very unique and charismatic quarters.
We came to Winslow for the nearby hiking opportunities, but we found out that we wanted to spend a lot more time relaxing in The Sanctuary! Sondra has infused this former church with all the comforts of home, and the space has a lot of personality while maintaining the character of the original structure. There were spaces for relaxing, a private area for sleeping, a shower, a cozy kitchenette and a well-stocked snack fridge. And so many books! It was easy to walk to "downtown" Winslow to enjoy a few parks, shops, and restaurants. Sondra knows the best spots to eat and even suggested an off-the-beaten-path hiking area we wouldn't have found otherwise. Listen to her suggestions and you won't be disappointed.
This is interesting Space with an interesting host. Decor is delightful. Sondra took care of extras beyond our expectations. She also has useful brochures for local attractions. Great stay!
My husband and I stayed at a few AirBNBs on our trip out west, but we mention this church/house more than any other- wow do you get your money's worth. An average person will appreciate this place- but for the creative, eccentric person this airbnb is definitely where you want to wake up in the morning. What an incredible memorable living space. The bar/tv area was the original alter in this church! And we fell in love with the little library/study nook up stairs. Sondra is one of those hosts you don't just meet and forget- she has so much spunk and personality. She loves hosting people from around the world and it's so obvious in the many little things she does to make your stay the best possible experience. She had wine, bagels, fruit, cheese, and other items available to us when we arrived. She respects the privacy of her guests, but she's so easy to talk to and get to know- I'd come back like visiting an old friend. The church-house is perfect on its own, but we got a sneak peak of what's to come and we can't wait to come back and visit. Definitely worth EVERY PENNY. Fantastic, caring host and comfortable, memorable stay. She recommended checking out the La Posada hotel before we left- TOTALLY WORTH IT if you have a little extra $$ for breakfast. When we see more of rt 66, we will definitely be back for a few more days.
This place has restrored my spirit . This is a church of hope . A wellspring of encouragment. This remodled church has a spirit that is undeniable.
The space is Magical. Sondra is an angel. Treat yourself to this unique experience!
Cozy, charming, eclectic...the space is a collection of three small rooms plus bath. Bed, kitchenette and bath are on the ground floor and a delightful sitting room is in the steeple above. Perfect for two. The owner's love of old treasures and her quirky, delightful aesthetic are apparent in every inch. The space is super clean and very comfortable - every need has been anticipated. The owner, Sondra, is on the premises and available but guests enjoy complete privacy.
We are traveling from TN to AZ and have stayed at some unique places. I have tried to use AirBnb but it has never work out with our schedule. I thought this would be a unique place since it was a church made into a quaint place to stay. The only problem we encountered was parking. We had been told to park behind the building at the 1st door & she would drive to us. Then she clarified with saying "behind means north". It was hard to figure out where to park so we drove around the block a few times to figure it out. We pulled in & waited for a few minutes until she arrived. Sondra was very pleasant & gave us a tour of the place. She gave us hints to where everything was to make our stay comfortable. The décor was perfect for the space. There were books EVERYWHERE. I suggest that when you stay here you check out some of the books. She also had little snacks before bed & some breakfast foods. We settled in for the night. I went up to the library to snuggle up with a blanket that was provided. It was so peaceful. I was able to get my things done while my husband was downstairs watching TV. We had internet that worked good. The next morning we met up with Sondra, she wanted to give us a tour of the entire church. It was so fun learning of the past things and the things that will be in the future. She also provided us with information of where to visit in town and where to eat. If we pass this way again we would definitely stay here.
Sondra was a wonderful hostess. She provided advice for things to do in the area. If she was unfamiliar with a location she reached out to friends to find information. Her Sanctuary is very lovely and eclectically decorated with thoughtfulness. She provided delicious breakfast of muffins/bagels, fruit, cheese, and crackers which helped keep our costs down further. We will stay again if we find ourselves in Winslow, AZ!
Sondra's place truly was what it was named, a sanctuary away from the valley. We really enjoyed the unique space, were ECSTATIC to be able to have our dogs, and enjoyed the hospitality. Sondra left bagels for breakfast, along with orange and apple juice. She even left us wine cheese and crackers for the evenings! On our way out she invited us in for coffee and we chatted before heading out. I highly recommend the sanctuary for anyone looking to escape the city.
The Sanctuary is a wonderful, unique property, filled with art and history and books of every kind. The space is large, comfortable and beautifully appointed, and Sondra is the kind of host you dream about. Her attention to detail and the many thoughtful touches made us want to stay on and on. If you are heading to Winslow, you have to stay here! Cheers
Good location a unique home with nice friendly touches. Some steps to climb for the second bedroom, but worth it
Fabulous night at the Sanctuary - amazing decor and ambience and Sondra is so knowledgeable about Winslow and it’s history -
This is a quirky but very comfortable place to stay in a converted church building. Sondra was very accommodating on our arrival and we had a good stay.
Gorgeous space with all the amenities you might need. Felt right at home and wasn’t without a thing! I could move in and happily never leave!
This space is thoughtfully decorated, quirky, and exactly as described. I think it's best suited for two people, as it can be a bit narrow in spaces, but was absolutely perfect for me and my partner. We loved all the snacks and the wine that was left to greet us when we arrived. Overall we had a great stay here!
My friend and I stayed here for one night and had a great time. The place is truly amazing, and Sondra was very welcoming. Everything we could think of was provided and we couldn’t have had a better stay. We will definitely stay here again when we’re heading to anywhere near Winslow. Thanks Sondra!
I loved everything about the Sanctuary! The space is warm and inviting. There is a huge collection of books to browse through. There are also many interesting antiques and art pieces to enjoy. The sanctuary is equipped with everything you could possibly need. Sondra left some nibblies in the fridge, fresh fruit and bagels for our breakfast and a bottle of wine to enjoy as we explored her lovely place. Sondra was a delight and went above and beyond to make our stay comfortable! I highly recommend staying at the Sanctuary . Thank you for your warm welcome!
Sondra's place in the Sanctuary is just beautiful and amazing, just like the hostess Sondra herself. Full of stories, tshatshke's with stories attached from all over the world, attentive, bossy with an enormous sense of humor. We didn't want to leave actually. Winslow is a great stop on Route 66 and Sondra's is the place to be.
We absolutely loved staying at the Sanctuary. Sondra is truly a super host!
Our stay at the sanctuary was just perfect!
We loved Sondra and her Airbnb—and wouldn’t hesitate to book it again and again!
It's not far from the highway to the renovated 1940's church that Sondra has named the Sanctuary. Yet what a difference it makes to be welcomed into such a beautiful space after a long day on the road! A gate guards a courtyard shared by three residences. Sondra lives in what was once the church fellowship hall. Across a courtyard enlivened by flowering plants and watched over by a statue of Buddha, the Sanctuary contains a bedroom warmly lit by a stained glass window, a small stylish kitchen, and a bathroom. The kitchen holds a table so that guests may break their bread where once the altar stood. Upstairs in the former belfry is a peaceful little library where a third guest can sleep, if they are comfortable with stairs. I loved the furnishings, from the headboard handcrafted from wooden pews to Sondra's collection of unique bookshelves. We particularly enjoyed the fruit and the fresh bagels that Sondra left for breakfast, with individual pats of butter in tiny gold-glazed wasabi bowls. If you appreciate interior decoration or repurposed spaces, you'll love the Sanctuary, and Sondra is a most kind and welcoming host.
Sondra’s place is a special treat. A well-appointed space in a refurbished church. The pictures don’t do it justice. The bed and shower are exactly what you want after a long day of travelling, and the wifi is decent. Parking no problem at all. Winslow had far more to offer than we were expecting. Anyone visiting the Painted Desert, this is a good place to stay. Sondra is wonderful. We loved every moment we spent with her. You will not find a better or more interesting host. Thank you for everything, Sondra!
Sonda's little getaway is a homely place that's warm and welcoming. It was presented beautifully with much art and finishing inspired by Chinese history. It was ~20 mins walk to La Posada (highly recommended for dinner and a wander around the grounds an gallery!!) and the main street with local stores and nick-nacks. Sondra was a fantastic host and greeted us with some fresh fruit and a bottle of wine. She chatted to us for a short while about the town of Winslow and gave us her personal recommendations for food and things we must see. We had a great one-night stay!
The place is a beyond words! One has to be there to appreciate the space. If you are passing by Winslow (Route 66 or others) don't miss this opportunity. You will love it! The place is comfortable, beautiful and maintained to the top quality. Sondra is a lovely host and very thoughtful. We strongly recommend this place..
Sondra is a wonderful and generous host. Her lovely home is exactly as described and seen in the photos. We so enjoyed meeting Sondra and hope to go back to see her ... and of course stay on her corner in Winslow Arizona!
Bel acceuil et belle generosite
